# Software-Technology-Lab
This is about a mandatory Software Technology Lab under my Bachelor Program of Software Engineering at University Duisburg-Essen. 
#Project Funding Application 
Project description: 
A platform for the funding of small projects shall be developed. The platform shall be realized as a Web2.0 application, so everyone can access the platform via the web using a standard web browser. We distinguish two kinds of users for the platform, project starter and sup- porter. A project starter can enter a funding request for a project on the platform. A funding request consists of the email address and payment information of the project starter, a project name and description, a funding limit that is needed to start the project, an end date when the funding limit has to be reached, and optionally a list of rewards that supporters get, when they donate a specific amount of money. A project is called open, when its funding limit and end date is not yet reached. At any time, project starters can cancel their own open projects. If the end date of a project is reached, then the software shall mark the project either as successful if the funding limit was reached or as failed otherwise. Supporters can search for open, successful, and failed projects and view their details. If a supporter likes a project, then he/she shall be able to donate for the project. For the donation a supporter has to enter his/her email address and payment information, and the amount of money he/she wants to donate. As long as the project is open, a supporter can cancel the donation. In the case that a project failed, then all supporters and the project starter are informed. In the case that a project is successful, then also all supporters and the project started are informed and additionally the supporters are charged using their payment information and the donated money is transferred to the project starter using his/her payment information. The money transfer is done using an existing payment service. If rewards were defined for the successful project, then a list is provided to the project starter. The list presents which supporters get which reward. The platform shall not require users to register to use the platform. After entering a funding request and donating the respective user gets an email with a link that allows the user to confirm his/her request or donation and a link to cancel the request or donation. The generated links shall be generated in a way that other users cannot guess and misuse them.
